README.md, before:

![Project logo](Pictures/Miss-flyer-logo.png)
***
Miss Flyer the best use of a misprint!
It can turn an ordenairy paper into an extra ordaniary paper plane with only one swipe! :open_mouth:


Entirely made from a single sheet of lasercutted plywood.


One gif says more than 1000 words:
![Gif](Pictures/Miss-Flyer.gif)

Miss Flyer in use:
![Demo photo](Pictures/Miss-Flyer-in-use.jpg)

Overview photo:
![overview](Pictures/Miss-Flyer.jpg)

Lasercut overview:
![Lasercut photo](Pictures/Miss-Flyer-lasercut.png)

Initial sketch:
![Initial sketch](Pictures/Miss-Flyer-sketch.png)

How i made all of this? I kept a A3 logbook:
![logbook](Pictures/Logbook.gif)

***
Video:
(click on image)
[![Miss Flyer Video ](http://img.youtube.com/vi/A3kHtu0t324/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3kHtu0t324)

***
Bill Of Material:


|Quantity|Description|Dimentions|
|--------|-----------|---------|
|1|Sheet of plywood|5mm 830x650mm|
|1|Fishing rod or other thin wire|40cm|
|1|Binder clip|20mm(smaller=better)|
|1|Rubber|20x10mm|

***

Instructions:
1. Assemble subassembly 1:
![Step 1](Pictures/Building_instructions/sub1.jpg)

2. Assemble subassembly 2:
![Step 2](Pictures/Building_instructions/sub2.jpg)

3. Glue slider together:
![Step 3](Pictures/Building_instructions/sub3.jpg)

4. Insert slider and add endstops:
![Step 4](Pictures/Building_instructions/sub4.jpg)

5. Assemble rest:
![Step 5](Pictures/Building_instructions/sub5.jpg)

6. Cutout wood between holes so wire can sit flush and slider can still slide:
![Step 6](Pictures/Building_instructions/step6.jpg)

7. Glue or bolt clip down and add a piece of rubber (in my case bike tire) to the clip for better grip:
![Step 7](Pictures/Building_instructions/step7.jpg)

8. Like this:
![Step 8](Pictures/Building_instructions/step8.jpg)

NOW HAVE FUN!!
***
Changelog:
 - Version 1: Genesis
 - Version 2: Improved version!
***
Future development:
 - [x] Write building Instructions
 - [x] Better performance
 - [ ] No need for glue (?)
 - [x] Engraving
 - [ ] More paper plane designs
 - [x] Have a paper plane war at the office!

***
![Open Source Hardware](Pictures/OpenSourceHardware.svg)

It's Open Source, go ahead build it!

Made for PO2 Project at the Technical university of Delft.

The paper plane folder isn't perfect, sometimes the paper creases. let me know if you have improvements :smiley:

***

Commit message:

Version 3: Improved after test at Klass Vindt Uit
Improved the flyer again,
Added picture/video of Klaas Vindt Uit

README.md, after:

![Project logo](Pictures/Miss-flyer-logo.png)
***
Miss Flyer the best use of a misprint!
It can turn an ordenairy paper into an extra ordaniary paper plane with only one swipe! :open_mouth:


Entirely made from one single sheet of lasercutted plywood.

KRO-NCRV, Klaas vindt uit (Dutch TV) seemed to like it, so they wanted to show it to everyone :smiley: here is a to the video:
(click on image)
[![Klaas vindt uit video ](https://img.youtube.com/vi/qRwEvvZekd8/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRwEvvZekd8)

One gif says more than 1000 words:
![Gif](Pictures/Miss-Flyer.gif)

Miss Flyer in use:
![Demo photo](Pictures/Miss-Flyer-in-use.jpg)

Overview photo:
![overview](Pictures/Miss-Flyer.jpg)

Lasercut overview:
![Lasercut photo](Pictures/Miss-Flyer-lasercut.png)

Initial sketch:
![Initial sketch](Pictures/Miss-Flyer-sketch.png)

How i made all of this? I kept a A3 logbook:
![logbook](Pictures/Logbook.gif)

***
Video:
(click on image)
[![Miss Flyer Video ](http://img.youtube.com/vi/A3kHtu0t324/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3kHtu0t324)

***
Bill Of Material:


|Quantity|Description|Dimentions|
|--------|-----------|---------|
|1|Sheet of plywood|5mm 830x650mm|
|1|Fishing rod or other thin wire|40cm|
|1|Binder clip|20mm(smaller=better)|
|1|Rubber|20x10mm|

***

Instructions:
1. Assemble subassembly 1:
![Step 1](Pictures/Building_instructions/sub1.jpg)

2. Assemble subassembly 2:
![Step 2](Pictures/Building_instructions/sub2.jpg)

3. Glue slider together:
![Step 3](Pictures/Building_instructions/sub3.jpg)

4. Insert slider and add endstops:
![Step 4](Pictures/Building_instructions/sub4.jpg)

5. Assemble rest:
![Step 5](Pictures/Building_instructions/sub5.jpg)

6. Cutout wood between holes so wire can sit flush and slider can still slide:
![Step 6](Pictures/Building_instructions/step6.jpg)

7. Glue or bolt clip down and add a piece of rubber (in my case bike tire) to the clip for better grip:
![Step 7](Pictures/Building_instructions/step7.jpg)

8. Like this:
![Step 8](Pictures/Building_instructions/step8.jpg)

NOW HAVE FUN!!
***
Changelog:
 - Version 1: Genesis
 - Version 2: Changed xx from 5mm to 3mm, changed distance between step 1 and 2 from xx mm to xx mm
 - Version 3: Zohar & me made the second version but this raised some issues. changed xx from 3mm to 5mm again cause the paper kept ripping. changed the cutouts to 4.95mm so it's more of a friction fit.
***
Future development:
 - [x] Write building Instructions
 - [x] Better performance
 - [x] Engraving
 - [ ] No need for glue (?)
 - [ ] More paper plane designs
 - [x] Have a paper plane war at the office!

***
![Open Source Hardware](Pictures/OpenSourceHardware.svg)

It's Open Source, go ahead build it!

Made for PO2 Project at the Technical university of Delft.
for questions please feel open in issue [here](https://github.com/Jerzeek/Miss-Flyer/issues) or

send me an email (info @ jerrydevos.nl)

The paper plane folder isn't perfect, sometimes the paper creases. let me know if you have improvements :smiley:

***
